# rust-teleport

Fully secure and scallable remote command executor and manager

rust-teleport is a project created with intention to be a proof of my skills. It can also be used as a solid project template for Rust-based secure and efficient servers. It has MIT license and your free to use parts of the code in your projects.

# Challenge

Create a fully secure and scallable server and command line client with the capability to:

- Remotely start a task on the server. The task is any bash-like command.
- Query the task status.
- Connect to the server and obtain logs (stout and stderr) - both past outputs and a live stream of logs being generated by the process.
- Stop the task.
- List all pending tasks.

In addition to the functional requirements there are also several quality requirements:

- Create automated tests of the API.
- Limit task resources to make sure that processes run by one user do not affect other users.
- Use microservice-like architecture and assume existence of an authorization service.
- Use fully reproducible build system.
- Containerize the application.

# Design

Full design document can be found [here](./docs/design.md).

It contains all major decisons for this application and explains why they should be implemented in the given way.

# Build and run

To bild the application using docker:

```
docker build -t teleport .
```

To run the application:

```
docker run -it --rm teleport /bin/bash
```

Then you can use commands `teleport` ad `telecli` to run the server and client apps. For help run:

```
teleport --help
telecli --help
```
